Love cures people - both the ones who give it and the ones who receive it.
Reflect on your present blessings, of which every man has many; not on your past misfortunes, of which all men have some.
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins.
The more you care, the stronger you can be.
Be courteous to all, but intimate with few, and let those few be well tried before you give them your confidence.
Human beings, who are almost unique in having the ability to learn from the experience of others, are also remarkable for their apparent disinclination to do so.
Strength does not come from physical capacity. It comes from an indomitable will.
We're born alone, we live alone, we die alone. Only through our love and friendship can we create the illusion for the moment that we're not alone.
What we see depends mainly on what we look for.
Love is the attempt to form a friendship inspired by beauty.
Everyone thinks of changing the world, but no one thinks of changing himself.
It's only when the tide goes out that you discover who's been swimming naked.
I do not dispute with the world; rather it is the world that disputes with me.
A noble one produces an abundance of merit by having a compassionate mind towards all living beings.
The way we communicate with others and with ourselves ultimately determines the quality of our lives.
Loyalty and friendship, which is to me the same, created all the wealth that I've ever thought I'd have.
We must reach out our hand in friendship and dignity both to those who would befriend us and those who would be our enemy.
It isn't where you come from, it's where you're going that counts.
Never apologize for showing feelings. When you do so, you apologize for the truth.
If you can't explain it simply, you don't understand it well enough.
There is only one boss. The customer. And he can fire everybody in the company from the chairman on down, simply by spending his money somewhere else.
He who lives in harmony with himself lives in harmony with the universe.
Don't look back. Something might be gaining on you.
Good advice is always certain to be ignored, but that's no reason not to give it.
All love that has not friendship for its base, is like a mansion built upon the sand.
Conditions fall apart. Persist with diligence.
Wisdom begins at the end.
Friendship is held to be the severest test of character. It is easy, we think, to be loyal to a family and clan, whose blood is in your own veins.
The best way to predict your future is to create it.
Appearances are often deceiving.
Kindness in words creates confidence. Kindness in thinking creates profoundness. Kindness in giving creates love.
Conditions fall apart. Persist with diligence.
Dost thou love life? Then do not squander time, for that is the stuff life is made of.
No enterprise is more likely to succeed than one concealed from the enemy until it is ripe for execution.
Nothing happens unless first we dream.
I hope our wisdom will grow with our power, and teach us, that the less we use our power the greater it will be.
Some of the best lessons we ever learn are learned from past mistakes. The error of the past is the wisdom and success of the future.
To do all that one is able to do, is to be a man; to do all that one would like to do, is to be a god.
Lots of people want to ride with you in the limo, but what you want is someone who will take the bus with you when the limo breaks down.
The beginning of knowledge is the discovery of something we do not understand.
It is very easy to forgive others their mistakes; it takes more grit to forgive them for having witnessed your own.
If you'll not settle for anything less than your best, you will be amazed at what you can accomplish in your lives.
Where there is great love, there are always miracles.
Happiness does not come from having much, but from being attached to little.
I know that inner wisdom is more precious than wealth. The more you spend it, the more you gain.
Who looks outside, dreams, who looks inside, awakes.
Never bend your head. Always hold it high. Look the world right in the eye.
Fear makes strangers of people who would be friends.
I will give you a definition of a proud man: he is a man who has neither vanity nor wisdom one filled with hatreds cannot be vain, neither can he be wise.
